a'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
a'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
a'au: Unrecognized part of speech
abu: Unrecognized part of speech
a'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
a'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
a'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
aicu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ai'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
a'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
ainai: Unrecognized part of speech
ai'y: Unrecognized part of speech
a'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
a'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
au'a: Unrecognized part of speech
a'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
aucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
a'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
aunai: Unrecognized part of speech
au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
a'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
au'y: Unrecognized part of speech
a'y: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'axi: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'axi: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
baba: Unrecognized part of speech
babda: Unrecognized part of speech
bablo: Unrecognized part of speech
baca'a: Unrecognized part of speech
baca'o: Unrecognized part of speech
backi: Unrecognized part of speech
badji: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
bai'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
bai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
bai'i'i: Unrecognized part of speech
balto: Unrecognized part of speech
bambu: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bapu: Unrecognized part of speech
basfa: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ba'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
bau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
bau'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
bau'onai: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
bau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
bavza: Unrecognized part of speech
baze'e: Unrecognized part of speech
be'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
be'ei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
bei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
bei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
bei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bei'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
bekpi: Unrecognized part of speech
belta: Unrecognized part of speech
benre: Unrecognized part of speech
benzo: Unrecognized part of speech
be'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bergu: Unrecognized part of speech
besto: Unrecognized part of speech
betka: Unrecognized part of speech
be'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
be'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
biki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
bilbo: Unrecognized part of speech
bimei: Unrecognized part of speech
bimoi: Unrecognized part of speech
bino: Unrecognized part of speech
binono: Unrecognized part of speech
binonovo: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'oi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
bitni: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
blina: Unrecognized part of speech
blolo: Unrecognized part of speech
bluji: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'a: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'a'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'e: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'i: Unrecognized part of speech
boi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
boi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
boi'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
boi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
boi'o'u: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'o: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
boske: Unrecognized part of speech
bo'u: Unrecognized part of speech
brano: Unrecognized part of speech
bravi: Unrecognized part of speech
brivo: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
budza: Unrecognized part of speech
buntu: Unrecognized part of speech
bunxa: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
bu'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
burka: Unrecognized part of speech
buvla: Unrecognized part of speech
by'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'au: Unrecognized part of speech
caba'o: Unrecognized part of speech
caca'a: Unrecognized part of speech
caca'o: Unrecognized part of speech
cadga: Unrecognized part of speech
cadma: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'edai: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'e'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
cagna: Unrecognized part of speech
cai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cajeba: Unrecognized part of speech
cajni: Unrecognized part of speech
caku: Unrecognized part of speech
calse: Unrecognized part of speech
ca ma: Unrecognized part of speech
campu: Unrecognized part of speech
canlu bu: Unrecognized part of speech
canma: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'o'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
capu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
carfu: Unrecognized part of speech
cau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'u'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'u'o: Unrecognized part of speech
cau'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cazi: Unrecognized part of speech
cazu: Unrecognized part of speech
ce'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ce'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ce'ei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
cei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
cei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
cei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
cei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
celdi: Unrecognized part of speech
celxa: Unrecognized part of speech
cendo: Unrecognized part of speech
ce'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
cfale: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'ai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'au: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
ci'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'au'u: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
ci'au'u'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'ima'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'ino: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'inoroi: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'inoroi: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
ci'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'i'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'iparoi: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'iroi: Unrecognized part of speech
ciki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ciladulumu: Unrecognized part of speech
cilfu: Unrecognized part of speech
cimei: Unrecognized part of speech
cimle: Unrecognized part of speech
cimoi: Unrecognized part of speech
cinfi: Unrecognized part of speech
cino: Unrecognized part of speech
cinogeipa: Unrecognized part of speech
cinono: Unrecognized part of speech
cinto: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'o'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ci'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ciroi: Unrecognized part of speech
cisni: Unrecognized part of speech
ciztolnei: Unrecognized part of speech
clafi: Unrecognized part of speech
claxu bu: Unrecognized part of speech
clenu: Unrecognized part of speech
cletu: Unrecognized part of speech
clinu: Unrecognized part of speech
cmeta: Unrecognized part of speech
cmevo: Unrecognized part of speech
cnata: Unrecognized part of speech
cnida: Unrecognized part of speech
co'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
co'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
co'ai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
co'au'a: Unrecognized part of speech
co'au'e: Unrecognized part of speech
co'e'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
coico'o: Unrecognized part of speech
coi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
coi'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cokte: Unrecognized part of speech
conka: Unrecognized part of speech
co'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
co'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
corci: Unrecognized part of speech
cotci: Unrecognized part of speech
co'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
co'u'o: Unrecognized part of speech
cpixa: Unrecognized part of speech
crami: Unrecognized part of speech
cravi: Unrecognized part of speech
ctera: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'au'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'ei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
cukre: Unrecognized part of speech
cumba: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'oi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
cusna: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'u ko'a: Unrecognized part of speech
cu'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
da'a'au: Unrecognized part of speech
da'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
da'ai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
da'amei: Unrecognized part of speech
da'amoi: Unrecognized part of speech
da'ane'e: Unrecognized part of speech
da'aremoi: Unrecognized part of speech
da'au: Unrecognized part of speech
dac bu: Unrecognized part of speech
da'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
dai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
dai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
da'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
dai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
dajbu: Unrecognized part of speech
dajne: Unrecognized part of speech
danci: Unrecognized part of speech
danke: Unrecognized part of speech
da'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
darca: Unrecognized part of speech
dardu: Unrecognized part of speech
datca: Unrecognized part of speech
datro: Unrecognized part of speech
datru: Unrecognized part of speech
datxo: Unrecognized part of speech
dau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
dau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
dau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
dau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
dau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
de'a'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
de'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
de'au: Unrecognized part of speech
de'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
de'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
de'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
de'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
de'i'i: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'i'u: Unrecognized part of speech
de'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
de'i'u: Unrecognized part of speech
dei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
delca: Unrecognized part of speech
delta: Unrecognized part of speech
dendi: Unrecognized part of speech
denpa bu: Unrecognized part of speech
de'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
di'a'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
di'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
di'au: Unrecognized part of speech
dicma: Unrecognized part of speech
didni: Unrecognized part of speech
di'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
di'ei'o'au: Unrecognized part of speech
digno: Unrecognized part of speech
di'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
dildo: Unrecognized part of speech
dilma: Unrecognized part of speech
dindi: Unrecognized part of speech
dinso: Unrecognized part of speech
dinti: Unrecognized part of speech
di'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
disko: Unrecognized part of speech
ditcu: Unrecognized part of speech
divzi: Unrecognized part of speech
djika: Unrecognized part of speech
do'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
do'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
do'au: Unrecognized part of speech
do'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
doi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
doi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
doido'u: Unrecognized part of speech
doi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
doinai: Unrecognized part of speech
doi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
doi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
dolna: Unrecognized part of speech
do'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
do'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
do'u'o: Unrecognized part of speech
drisu: Unrecognized part of speech
du'a'e: Unrecognized part of speech
du'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
du'a'o: Unrecognized part of speech
du'au: Unrecognized part of speech
du'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
du'emei: Unrecognized part of speech
du'eroi: Unrecognized part of speech
dukni: Unrecognized part of speech
du'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
durna: Unrecognized part of speech
dutso: Unrecognized part of speech
du'u bu: Unrecognized part of speech
du'ukau: Unrecognized part of speech
dy'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
dzama: Unrecognized part of speech
dzoli: Unrecognized part of speech
e'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ebu: Unrecognized part of speech
e'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
e'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
e'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
ei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
e'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
e'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
einai: Unrecognized part of speech
ei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
enai: Unrecognized part of speech
e'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
epsi bu: Unrecognized part of speech
e'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
e'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
e'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
e'y: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'ai'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
facni: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fai'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
fanji: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fardu: Unrecognized part of speech
farka: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'u'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
fauroda: Unrecognized part of speech
fau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fa'u'u'u'u'u'u'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eba'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eca'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eco'a: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eco'i: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'emo'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'enau: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'enoroi: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'epu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eroroi: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'eza'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fegli: Unrecognized part of speech
fei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
fei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fenfa: Unrecognized part of speech
fe'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fibra: Unrecognized part of speech
fidna: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
firca: Unrecognized part of speech
fisli: Unrecognized part of speech
fi'ure: Unrecognized part of speech
fizbu: Unrecognized part of speech
fizde: Unrecognized part of speech
flaci: Unrecognized part of speech
flese: Unrecognized part of speech
flipo: Unrecognized part of speech
fo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
foi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
foi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
forse: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'a'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'a'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'ei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
fugvo: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
fu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
fuvla: Unrecognized part of speech
fy'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
fy'au: Unrecognized part of speech
fy'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
gai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
gai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
galki: Unrecognized part of speech
ganai: Unrecognized part of speech
ganda: Unrecognized part of speech
ganvi: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
gaspo: Unrecognized part of speech
gau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'u'au: Unrecognized part of speech
gau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
gau'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
gau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'u re'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ga'u re'o: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
ge'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ge'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
gei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
gei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
gei ci: Unrecognized part of speech
gei'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ge'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ge'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
gi bu: Unrecognized part of speech
gicmu: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'e'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'i'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
gimet bu: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'o'i: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
gi'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
glife: Unrecognized part of speech
glosa: Unrecognized part of speech
go'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
go'au: Unrecognized part of speech
goi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
goi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
go'ira'o: Unrecognized part of speech
gomsi: Unrecognized part of speech
gonai: Unrecognized part of speech
gonte: Unrecognized part of speech
go'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
go'o'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
grafu: Unrecognized part of speech
grame: Unrecognized part of speech
grava: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'e'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
gugle: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'i'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
gumri: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
gu'y: Unrecognized part of speech
.i: Unrecognized part of speech
i'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
iacu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
i'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ianai: Unrecognized part of speech
i'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ia'u: Unrecognized part of speech
iau: Unrecognized part of speech
ibu: Unrecognized part of speech
i'ecu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ie'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ie'i: Unrecognized part of speech
i'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
ienai: Unrecognized part of speech
ie'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ii'au: Unrecognized part of speech
i'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
iinai: Unrecognized part of speech
ija: Unrecognized part of speech
ijanai: Unrecognized part of speech
ije: Unrecognized part of speech
ije'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ijenai: Unrecognized part of speech
ijo: Unrecognized part of speech
ijonai: Unrecognized part of speech
iju: Unrecognized part of speech
iku'i: Unrecognized part of speech
inaja: Unrecognized part of speech
io'e: Unrecognized part of speech
i'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
i'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
ionai: Unrecognized part of speech
io'u: Unrecognized part of speech
isemu'ibo: Unrecognized part of speech
iseri'abo: Unrecognized part of speech
.iu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
iu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
iucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
iu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
iu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
i'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
iunai: Unrecognized part of speech
iu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
iu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
i'y: Unrecognized part of speech
iy: Unrecognized part of speech
iy'y: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'aku: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'aru'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
jai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
jaica: Unrecognized part of speech
jai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
jaigau: Unrecognized part of speech
jai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
jaivi: Unrecognized part of speech
jaldi: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
jatsu: Unrecognized part of speech
ja'u: Unrecognized part of speech
jau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
jau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
jau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
jau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
jbobo: Unrecognized part of speech
je'abo: Unrecognized part of speech
je'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
je'au: Unrecognized part of speech
je'aucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
je'aucu'i: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
je'aunai: Unrecognized part of speech
je'aunai: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
je'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
je'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
jei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
jei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
jeku'i: Unrecognized part of speech
jenai: Unrecognized part of speech
jenje: Unrecognized part of speech
jensi: Unrecognized part of speech
je'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
je'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
jguvi: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'asai: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'au: Unrecognized part of speech
jicfo: Unrecognized part of speech
jidge: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'einai: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'ima'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'ini'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'i'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'i'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
jijgi: Unrecognized part of speech
jikfi: Unrecognized part of speech
jikni: Unrecognized part of speech
jinda: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ji'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
jitni: Unrecognized part of speech
jmice: Unrecognized part of speech
jmite: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'aunai: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'ei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
joi'au'a: Unrecognized part of speech
joibu: Unrecognized part of speech
joi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
jonai: Unrecognized part of speech
jonse: Unrecognized part of speech
jo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
jorne bu: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'aku'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
julro: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'ocai: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'oinai: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'opei: Unrecognized part of speech
ju'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
jviso: Unrecognized part of speech
jyvysy: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ka bu: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'ei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'au: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
kai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
kakti: Unrecognized part of speech
kamre: Unrecognized part of speech
kamro: Unrecognized part of speech
kanpe: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'o'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'o'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ka'oi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
kapli: Unrecognized part of speech
kapsi: Unrecognized part of speech
karmo: Unrecognized part of speech
karpa: Unrecognized part of speech
katci: Unrecognized part of speech
katso: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
kau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
kavzi: Unrecognized part of speech
kazmi: Unrecognized part of speech
kazra: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'au: Unrecognized part of speech
kebzo: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
kekli: Unrecognized part of speech
kekti: Unrecognized part of speech
kelto: Unrecognized part of speech
kenka: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'o'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'o'u: Unrecognized part of speech
kerni: Unrecognized part of speech
kesfi: Unrecognized part of speech
kesri: Unrecognized part of speech
ketli: Unrecognized part of speech
ketro: Unrecognized part of speech
ketsu: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ke'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'a'au'u'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'au: Unrecognized part of speech
kibro: Unrecognized part of speech
kicra: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
kilga: Unrecognized part of speech
kinda: Unrecognized part of speech
kinfi: Unrecognized part of speech
kinmu: Unrecognized part of speech
kinra: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
kipsi: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'u ma: Unrecognized part of speech
ki'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
klaso: Unrecognized part of speech
kliki: Unrecognized part of speech
kloje: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
kogno: Unrecognized part of speech
koi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
koi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
koi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
kokso: Unrecognized part of speech
kolon bu: Unrecognized part of speech
konve: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'o'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ko'o'o'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
korvo: Unrecognized part of speech
kosmu: Unrecognized part of speech
krali: Unrecognized part of speech
kroke: Unrecognized part of speech
kroxo: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'ai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'au'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
kukru: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'o'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'oi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
kurti: Unrecognized part of speech
ky'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ky'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ky.bu: Unrecognized part of speech
kybu: Unrecognized part of speech
ky'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ky'u: Unrecognized part of speech
la'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
la'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
la'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
la'au: Unrecognized part of speech
lacni: Unrecognized part of speech
lacpa: Unrecognized part of speech
la dontu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
la'e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
la'edi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
la'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
lai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
lai'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
lai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
lai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
lai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
laldo: Unrecognized part of speech
lamda: Unrecognized part of speech
lamdu: Unrecognized part of speech
landa: Unrecognized part of speech
lanru: Unrecognized part of speech
la'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
la pa da: Unrecognized part of speech
larva: Unrecognized part of speech
la su'oda: Unrecognized part of speech
lau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
lau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
la'u ma: Unrecognized part of speech
lau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
laxte: Unrecognized part of speech
le'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
le'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ledo: Unrecognized part of speech
le'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
le go'i: Unrecognized part of speech
lei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
lei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
lei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
le jaica: Unrecognized part of speech
le jaigau: Unrecognized part of speech
le jaivi: Unrecognized part of speech
leko'a: Unrecognized part of speech
lelxe: Unrecognized part of speech
lemi: Unrecognized part of speech
lenga: Unrecognized part of speech
lengu: Unrecognized part of speech
lenu: Unrecognized part of speech
le'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
le'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
le sego'i: Unrecognized part of speech
leta: Unrecognized part of speech
letci: Unrecognized part of speech
le tego'i: Unrecognized part of speech
leti: Unrecognized part of speech
letu: Unrecognized part of speech
leva: Unrecognized part of speech
le vego'i: Unrecognized part of speech
levi: Unrecognized part of speech
levu: Unrecognized part of speech
le xego'i: Unrecognized part of speech
li'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
li'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
li'au: Unrecognized part of speech
li'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
li'ei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ligma: Unrecognized part of speech
li'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
li'i ze'ei ka: Unrecognized part of speech
li'i ze'ei nu: Unrecognized part of speech
likse: Unrecognized part of speech
limfa: Unrecognized part of speech
lince: Unrecognized part of speech
linga: Unrecognized part of speech
li'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
lo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
lo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
lo'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
loglo: Unrecognized part of speech
loi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
loi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
loi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
lojgo: Unrecognized part of speech
lokra: Unrecognized part of speech
lonu: Unrecognized part of speech
lo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
lo'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
loroda: Unrecognized part of speech
losto: Unrecognized part of speech
lu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
lubma: Unrecognized part of speech
lu bu: Unrecognized part of speech
lucpa: Unrecognized part of speech
lu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
luksi: Unrecognized part of speech
lu li'u: Unrecognized part of speech
lungo: Unrecognized part of speech
lu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
luska: Unrecognized part of speech
lusto: Unrecognized part of speech
ly'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'a'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
madagasikara: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'e'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
majga: Unrecognized part of speech
majvu: Unrecognized part of speech
maltu: Unrecognized part of speech
malve: Unrecognized part of speech
mango: Unrecognized part of speech
manva: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'oi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mapra: Unrecognized part of speech
maska: Unrecognized part of speech
matce: Unrecognized part of speech
matxe: Unrecognized part of speech
ma;u: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'ulu: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
me'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
me'au: Unrecognized part of speech
medomoi: Unrecognized part of speech
medzo: Unrecognized part of speech
me'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
me'ei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
me'e ma: Unrecognized part of speech
mei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
melmi: Unrecognized part of speech
memimoi: Unrecognized part of speech
menre: Unrecognized part of speech
me'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mespo: Unrecognized part of speech
metfo: Unrecognized part of speech
metro: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'i'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mimta: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'o'o'i'o'i'i'o'e'au'ai'u'u'o'o'o'i'i'o'o'i'o'i'o'i'o'i'o'o'i'e'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au'au: Unrecognized part of speech
miste: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'aroi: Unrecognized part of speech
modju: Unrecognized part of speech
modzi: Unrecognized part of speech
mogle: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ibe'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ibu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ica'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'idu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'idu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ifa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'iga'u: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ine'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ine'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ine'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ini'a: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ipa'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ire'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'iri'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'iru'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ite'e: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'iti'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ito'o: Unrecognized part of speech
moi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ivu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'ize'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'izo'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'izo'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'izu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'izu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mormo: Unrecognized part of speech
moxna: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'ai'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'au'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'e'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
mugle: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'i'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'i ma: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'i'u: Unrecognized part of speech
muki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
mumei: Unrecognized part of speech
mumoi: Unrecognized part of speech
muno: Unrecognized part of speech
munono: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
mu'o'u: Unrecognized part of speech
na.a: Unrecognized part of speech
na'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
na'a'u: Unrecognized part of speech
na'au: Unrecognized part of speech
na'ebo: Unrecognized part of speech
na'efa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
na'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
na'epu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nagi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
nago'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
nai'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
naja: Unrecognized part of speech
naku: Unrecognized part of speech
nalfi: Unrecognized part of speech
nalti: Unrecognized part of speech
namra: Unrecognized part of speech
na'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
na'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
naru'e: Unrecognized part of speech
natsi: Unrecognized part of speech
nau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
nau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
nau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'au: Unrecognized part of speech
nedlo: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'e: Unrecognized part of speech
nei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
nei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
nei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
neirai: Unrecognized part of speech
nenmu: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'o'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'o'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ne'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
nerde: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'a'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ni bu: Unrecognized part of speech
nicfa: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'e'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'e'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'i ma: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
ninja: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ni'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
no'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
no'au: Unrecognized part of speech
no'au'au: Unrecognized part of speech
noda: Unrecognized part of speech
no'ebo: Unrecognized part of speech
no'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'a'u: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
noi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
noka'ono: Unrecognized part of speech
nomei: Unrecognized part of speech
nomo'o: Unrecognized part of speech
nonka: Unrecognized part of speech
nonmu: Unrecognized part of speech
no'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
nordo: Unrecognized part of speech
norgo: Unrecognized part of speech
noroi: Unrecognized part of speech
nu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
nu bu: Unrecognized part of speech
nudle: Unrecognized part of speech
nu'ecu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nu'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
nuktu: Unrecognized part of speech
nulpa: Unrecognized part of speech
numje: Unrecognized part of speech
nunmu: Unrecognized part of speech
nusna: Unrecognized part of speech
nutka: Unrecognized part of speech
nutko: Unrecognized part of speech
nuzlo: Unrecognized part of speech
ny'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
o'acu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
o'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
o'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
obu: Unrecognized part of speech
o'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
oi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
oi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
o'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
oinai: Unrecognized part of speech
oi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
oire'e: Unrecognized part of speech
oiro'a: Unrecognized part of speech
oiro'e: Unrecognized part of speech
oiro'i: Unrecognized part of speech
oiro'o: Unrecognized part of speech
oiro'u: Unrecognized part of speech
oi se'i bu'o oi se'i bu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
oi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
onai: Unrecognized part of speech
o'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
o'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
o'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
o'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
o'y: Unrecognized part of speech
pa'aku: Unrecognized part of speech
pa'aseva'u: Unrecognized part of speech
pa'au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pabi: Unrecognized part of speech
pabigeipa: Unrecognized part of speech
paci: Unrecognized part of speech
pa'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
pagzu: Unrecognized part of speech
pai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
paki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
palma: Unrecognized part of speech
palpi: Unrecognized part of speech
pamai: Unrecognized part of speech
pamei: Unrecognized part of speech
pamga: Unrecognized part of speech
pamoi: Unrecognized part of speech
pamo'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pamu: Unrecognized part of speech
pano: Unrecognized part of speech
panoki'oki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
panomei: Unrecognized part of speech
panomoi: Unrecognized part of speech
panono: Unrecognized part of speech
panonoki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
panonomei: Unrecognized part of speech
papa: Unrecognized part of speech
pardu: Unrecognized part of speech
pare: Unrecognized part of speech
paremei: Unrecognized part of speech
pare'u: Unrecognized part of speech
parji: Unrecognized part of speech
paroi: Unrecognized part of speech
paska: Unrecognized part of speech
paso: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'a'u: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'au: Unrecognized part of speech
paubu: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
paunai: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
pau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
pavo: Unrecognized part of speech
paxa: Unrecognized part of speech
paxra: Unrecognized part of speech
paze: Unrecognized part of speech
paznu: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'ainai: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'aru'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'aru'e: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
pecai: Unrecognized part of speech
pe'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
pegva: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
penka: Unrecognized part of speech
penki: Unrecognized part of speech
pentu: Unrecognized part of speech
pepsi: Unrecognized part of speech
pesai: Unrecognized part of speech
pevna: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'au'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pidu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'ei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'ei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
piji'i: Unrecognized part of speech
pikcu: Unrecognized part of speech
pikpi: Unrecognized part of speech
pilda: Unrecognized part of speech
pimo'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pimu: Unrecognized part of speech
pimucu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
Pingo: Unrecognized part of speech
pino: Unrecognized part of speech
piresi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
piro: Unrecognized part of speech
pirosi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pirxo: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'a: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'e: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'i: Unrecognized part of speech
pisoi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pisoi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pisoi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'iroi: Unrecognized part of speech
pisoi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'o: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'u: Unrecognized part of speech
piso'uroi: Unrecognized part of speech
pisu'esoi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
pisu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pisu'osoi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pitsa: Unrecognized part of speech
pi'u'e: Unrecognized part of speech
pizau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
pluna: Unrecognized part of speech
po'a: Unrecognized part of speech
pocli: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'a'u: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
po'i'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
poi'o'a: Unrecognized part of speech
po'i'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
po'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
po'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
poplu: Unrecognized part of speech
porno: Unrecognized part of speech
predi: Unrecognized part of speech
premi: Unrecognized part of speech
preri: Unrecognized part of speech
proga: Unrecognized part of speech
proji: Unrecognized part of speech
pruri: Unrecognized part of speech
pu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
pu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
puba: Unrecognized part of speech
puca'a: Unrecognized part of speech
puca'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pu'e'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
pu'e'u'o: Unrecognized part of speech
pujeba: Unrecognized part of speech
pujeca: Unrecognized part of speech
pupsu: Unrecognized part of speech
pupu: Unrecognized part of speech
purni: Unrecognized part of speech
puvza: Unrecognized part of speech
puza: Unrecognized part of speech
puze'a: Unrecognized part of speech
puze'i: Unrecognized part of speech
puze'u: Unrecognized part of speech
puzi: Unrecognized part of speech
puzu: Unrecognized part of speech
puzuvukiku: Unrecognized part of speech
py'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ragbi: Unrecognized part of speech
rai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'i'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'i'aucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'i'aunai: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
rai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
rai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
rakle: Unrecognized part of speech
ranlu: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ratma: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
raumei: Unrecognized part of speech
raumoi: Unrecognized part of speech
ra'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
rau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
rau'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
re'ai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
re'au'e: Unrecognized part of speech
re'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
rei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
re'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
reki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
reksa: Unrecognized part of speech
rekto: Unrecognized part of speech
remai: Unrecognized part of speech
remei: Unrecognized part of speech
remoi: Unrecognized part of speech
reno: Unrecognized part of speech
renomei: Unrecognized part of speech
renono: Unrecognized part of speech
repageipa: Unrecognized part of speech
reroi: Unrecognized part of speech
revogeipa: Unrecognized part of speech
rexsa: Unrecognized part of speech
rezegeipa: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'a ma: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ribga: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'ero'u: Unrecognized part of speech
rikro: Unrecognized part of speech
rindo: Unrecognized part of speech
ri'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ripto: Unrecognized part of speech
rirli: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
roda: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
roi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
romai: Unrecognized part of speech
romlo: Unrecognized part of speech
romoi: Unrecognized part of speech
ronci: Unrecognized part of speech
rone'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ronro: Unrecognized part of speech
ronru'u bu: Unrecognized part of speech
ronsa: Unrecognized part of speech
ronte: Unrecognized part of speech
ronti: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
rore'u: Unrecognized part of speech
roroi: Unrecognized part of speech
ro'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
rucni: Unrecognized part of speech
ru'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ru'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
ru'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'au: Unrecognized part of speech
sacni: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
saibu: Unrecognized part of speech
sai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sai'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
sai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
salmo: Unrecognized part of speech
salni: Unrecognized part of speech
salri: Unrecognized part of speech
sanbu: Unrecognized part of speech
sanmo: Unrecognized part of speech
sanra: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
sarni: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'e'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
sau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
se'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
se'ai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
se'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
se'au: Unrecognized part of speech
se'au'e: Unrecognized part of speech
seba'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sebai: Unrecognized part of speech
sebau: Unrecognized part of speech
sebe'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
sebe'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sebo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
sebo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
seca'i: Unrecognized part of speech
secau: Unrecognized part of speech
seci'e: Unrecognized part of speech
seci'o: Unrecognized part of speech
seci'u: Unrecognized part of speech
secu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sede'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sedi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
sedu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sedu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
sedu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
se'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sefa'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sefi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sefsi: Unrecognized part of speech
sega'a: Unrecognized part of speech
segau: Unrecognized part of speech
segei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
se'i'a'o: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
se'i'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
se'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sei'u'e: Unrecognized part of speech
seja'e: Unrecognized part of speech
seja'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
seja'i: Unrecognized part of speech
seji'e: Unrecognized part of speech
seji'o: Unrecognized part of speech
seji'u: Unrecognized part of speech
seka'a: Unrecognized part of speech
seka'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sekai: Unrecognized part of speech
sekai ma: Unrecognized part of speech
seki'i: Unrecognized part of speech
seki'u: Unrecognized part of speech
seki'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
seko'au: Unrecognized part of speech
sekoi: Unrecognized part of speech
sekre: Unrecognized part of speech
seku'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sela'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sele'a: Unrecognized part of speech
seli'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sema'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sema'i: Unrecognized part of speech
semau: Unrecognized part of speech
semaunai: Unrecognized part of speech
seme'a: Unrecognized part of speech
seme'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
seme'e: Unrecognized part of speech
semikolon bu: Unrecognized part of speech
semu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
semu'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
semu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sene'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sengi: Unrecognized part of speech
seni'i: Unrecognized part of speech
seni'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
se'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
se'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
se'oi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
sepa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sepa'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sepi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
sepo'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sepre: Unrecognized part of speech
sepu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sepu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sera'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sera'i: Unrecognized part of speech
serai: Unrecognized part of speech
seri'a: Unrecognized part of speech
seri'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
seri'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sesau: Unrecognized part of speech
sesi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sesre: Unrecognized part of speech
seta'i: Unrecognized part of speech
setai: Unrecognized part of speech
setese: Unrecognized part of speech
seti'i: Unrecognized part of speech
seti'u: Unrecognized part of speech
setu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
se'u'o: Unrecognized part of speech
seva'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
seva'o: Unrecognized part of speech
seva'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sexipa: Unrecognized part of speech
sexixa: Unrecognized part of speech
sezau: Unrecognized part of speech
sezni: Unrecognized part of speech
sezu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
sfero: Unrecognized part of speech
sfite: Unrecognized part of speech
sfopu: Unrecognized part of speech
si'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
si'au: Unrecognized part of speech
si'au'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sibli: Unrecognized part of speech
sicpi: Unrecognized part of speech
si'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
sigda: Unrecognized part of speech
sigma: Unrecognized part of speech
si'i'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
si'i'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
si'i'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
sikta: Unrecognized part of speech
silja: Unrecognized part of speech
silru: Unrecognized part of speech
si'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
si'oi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
si'o ze'ei du'u: Unrecognized part of speech
si'o ze'ei ka: Unrecognized part of speech
si'o ze'ei nu: Unrecognized part of speech
si'o ze'ei poi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
sitla: Unrecognized part of speech
sitna bu: Unrecognized part of speech
sizgo: Unrecognized part of speech
skano: Unrecognized part of speech
skifa: Unrecognized part of speech
skuba: Unrecognized part of speech
skudi: Unrecognized part of speech
skuna: Unrecognized part of speech
slac bu: Unrecognized part of speech
slaka bu: Unrecognized part of speech
smaka: Unrecognized part of speech
smela: Unrecognized part of speech
smusu: Unrecognized part of speech
snafu: Unrecognized part of speech
snavi: Unrecognized part of speech
sniju: Unrecognized part of speech
so'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
so'au: Unrecognized part of speech
socni: Unrecognized part of speech
so'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
so'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
so'eroi: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'auroi: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
so'imei: Unrecognized part of speech
so'iroi: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
soi'uroi: Unrecognized part of speech
soki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
somoi: Unrecognized part of speech
sondu: Unrecognized part of speech
sono: Unrecognized part of speech
sonono: Unrecognized part of speech
so'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
so'o'o'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
sorni: Unrecognized part of speech
sorta: Unrecognized part of speech
sosoce'i: Unrecognized part of speech
so'uroi: Unrecognized part of speech
sozepimu: Unrecognized part of speech
speci: Unrecognized part of speech
spero: Unrecognized part of speech
spupi: Unrecognized part of speech
srate: Unrecognized part of speech
stima: Unrecognized part of speech
stori: Unrecognized part of speech
su'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
su'a'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
su'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
su'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
su'au: Unrecognized part of speech
su'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
su'ero: Unrecognized part of speech
su'esoi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
su'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
su'ifa'uvu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
su'ijavu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
su'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
su'i'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sumla: Unrecognized part of speech
sumni: Unrecognized part of speech
sumro: Unrecognized part of speech
su'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
su'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
su'oremei: Unrecognized part of speech
su'oremoi: Unrecognized part of speech
su'osoi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
supso: Unrecognized part of speech
su'u'u'u'u'u'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
sy'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sy'au: Unrecognized part of speech
sy'y: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'einai: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'einai: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
ta'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
tai da'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tai da'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'e'i: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
tai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'i'au: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'i'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'i ma: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'iroda: Unrecognized part of speech
tai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
takni: Unrecognized part of speech
taksi: Unrecognized part of speech
talko: Unrecognized part of speech
tamle: Unrecognized part of speech
tanka: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
tasmi: Unrecognized part of speech
tasta: Unrecognized part of speech
tau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
tau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ta'u'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tcaxe: Unrecognized part of speech
tcema: Unrecognized part of speech
tcemi: Unrecognized part of speech
tcesa: Unrecognized part of speech
tcese: Unrecognized part of speech
tceta: Unrecognized part of speech
tcipi: Unrecognized part of speech
tcivi: Unrecognized part of speech
tcobi: Unrecognized part of speech
tcone: Unrecognized part of speech
tcuti: Unrecognized part of speech
te'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
te'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
te'au: Unrecognized part of speech
te'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tebau: Unrecognized part of speech
tebe'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tebo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
tebo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
teca'i: Unrecognized part of speech
teci'e: Unrecognized part of speech
teci'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tecu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tede'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tedi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tedu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tedu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
te'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
te'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
te'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
tefi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
tefi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
tega'a: Unrecognized part of speech
tegei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
te'i: Unrecognized part of speech
te'i'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
tei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
tei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
te'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
teja'i: Unrecognized part of speech
teji'e: Unrecognized part of speech
teji'o: Unrecognized part of speech
teka'a: Unrecognized part of speech
teka'i: Unrecognized part of speech
teki'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tekla: Unrecognized part of speech
tekoi: Unrecognized part of speech
tela'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tele'a: Unrecognized part of speech
teli'e: Unrecognized part of speech
tema'e: Unrecognized part of speech
tema'i: Unrecognized part of speech
temau: Unrecognized part of speech
teme'a: Unrecognized part of speech
teme'e: Unrecognized part of speech
temse: Unrecognized part of speech
temu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
temu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tende: Unrecognized part of speech
tenga: Unrecognized part of speech
teni'i: Unrecognized part of speech
te'o'a: Unrecognized part of speech
te'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
te'oi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
te'oi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
tepa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
tepi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tepo'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tepu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
tepu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
terai: Unrecognized part of speech
teri'a: Unrecognized part of speech
terki: Unrecognized part of speech
tesau: Unrecognized part of speech
tese: Unrecognized part of speech
tesete: Unrecognized part of speech
tesi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
teta'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tetai: Unrecognized part of speech
teti'i: Unrecognized part of speech
teti'u: Unrecognized part of speech
teva'u: Unrecognized part of speech
tezda: Unrecognized part of speech
tezu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
tifri: Unrecognized part of speech
tigra: Unrecognized part of speech
timno: Unrecognized part of speech
tinri: Unrecognized part of speech
tinto: Unrecognized part of speech
ti'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
tipre: Unrecognized part of speech
ti'u'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ti'u'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ti'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
tizva: Unrecognized part of speech
to'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
to'au: Unrecognized part of speech
to'ebo: Unrecognized part of speech
to'ei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eki'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
to'emu'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eni'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eri'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
toi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
toi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
tolfa: Unrecognized part of speech
torso: Unrecognized part of speech
torta: Unrecognized part of speech
to'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
tovla: Unrecognized part of speech
triga: Unrecognized part of speech
tsaba: Unrecognized part of speech
tsida: Unrecognized part of speech
tsuku: Unrecognized part of speech
tsuli: Unrecognized part of speech
tu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
tubra: Unrecognized part of speech
tu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
tulnu: Unrecognized part of speech
tu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
tu'oi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
turko: Unrecognized part of speech
tutle: Unrecognized part of speech
u'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
uai: Unrecognized part of speech
u'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
uanai: Unrecognized part of speech
uau: Unrecognized part of speech
uau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ubu: Unrecognized part of speech
uecu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ue'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ue'i: Unrecognized part of speech
uei: Unrecognized part of speech
uei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
u'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
uenai: Unrecognized part of speech
u'ene'e: Unrecognized part of speech
uepei: Unrecognized part of speech
ui'a: Unrecognized part of speech
uibu: Unrecognized part of speech
ui'i: Unrecognized part of speech
u'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
uinai: Unrecognized part of speech
ui'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ui'y: Unrecognized part of speech
u'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
uoi: Unrecognized part of speech
u'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
uonai: Unrecognized part of speech
uo'o: Unrecognized part of speech
u'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
uu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
u'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
uunai: Unrecognized part of speech
u'y: Unrecognized part of speech
uy: Unrecognized part of speech
va'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
va'au: Unrecognized part of speech
va'au'au: Unrecognized part of speech
va'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
va'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
va'icu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
va'inai: Unrecognized part of speech
valfa: Unrecognized part of speech
vamgu: Unrecognized part of speech
va'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
va'u'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'au'o: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'e'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'o'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
vebe'i: Unrecognized part of speech
vebo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
vebo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
veci'e: Unrecognized part of speech
vecu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
vede'i: Unrecognized part of speech
vedli: Unrecognized part of speech
vedu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
vefi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
vega'a: Unrecognized part of speech
vegei'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
veibu: Unrecognized part of speech
vei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
vei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
vei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
vei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
veka'a: Unrecognized part of speech
vemau: Unrecognized part of speech
veme'a: Unrecognized part of speech
vente: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'obu: Unrecognized part of speech
ve'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vepa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
vepre: Unrecognized part of speech
vepu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
verai: Unrecognized part of speech
verjo: Unrecognized part of speech
vetai: Unrecognized part of speech
veti'u: Unrecognized part of speech
vidvi: Unrecognized part of speech
vi'ei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
vilco: Unrecognized part of speech
vi ma: Unrecognized part of speech
vinpa: Unrecognized part of speech
vinta: Unrecognized part of speech
vi'oi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
virme: Unrecognized part of speech
vo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
vo'au'u: Unrecognized part of speech
vo'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
voi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
voi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
voi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
voki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
volve: Unrecognized part of speech
vomoi: Unrecognized part of speech
vono: Unrecognized part of speech
vonono: Unrecognized part of speech
vo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
vubla: Unrecognized part of speech
vu'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
vujnu: Unrecognized part of speech
vukna: Unrecognized part of speech
vu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
vy.bu: Unrecognized part of speech
vybu: Unrecognized part of speech
vy'y: Unrecognized part of speech
xa!: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'a'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xadji: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'ei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'ei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xai: Unrecognized part of speech
xai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xai'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xai'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xaki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xakto: Unrecognized part of speech
xalda: Unrecognized part of speech
xamoi: Unrecognized part of speech
xango: Unrecognized part of speech
xanmi: Unrecognized part of speech
xano: Unrecognized part of speech
xanono: Unrecognized part of speech
xansa: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'oi'a'oi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xa'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xau: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'e'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'o'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xau'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xavli: Unrecognized part of speech
xavoki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xaxre: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xebe'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xebo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
xebo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xei: Unrecognized part of speech
xei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xei'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xeka'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xekce: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xerno: Unrecognized part of speech
xe'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xi'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xigzo: Unrecognized part of speech
xi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xi'i'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xijra: Unrecognized part of speech
xilva: Unrecognized part of speech
ximta: Unrecognized part of speech
xinro: Unrecognized part of speech
xinsi: Unrecognized part of speech
xi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xixli: Unrecognized part of speech
xixnu: Unrecognized part of speech
xlobi: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'e'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'e'o'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xoi: Unrecognized part of speech
xoi'ei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xoi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xoi'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xonba: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'oi'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
xorbo: Unrecognized part of speech
xorlo: Unrecognized part of speech
xo'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xroma: Unrecognized part of speech
xrotu: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'a: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xudvu: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xulta: Unrecognized part of speech
xumbe: Unrecognized part of speech
xunai: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'o: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'u: Unrecognized part of speech
xu'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
xy'au: Unrecognized part of speech
xy bu: Unrecognized part of speech
xy.bu: Unrecognized part of speech
xy'y: Unrecognized part of speech
ybu: Unrecognized part of speech
y'i: Unrecognized part of speech
y'y bu: Unrecognized part of speech
y'y.bu: Unrecognized part of speech
yyy: Unrecognized part of speech
za'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
za'au: Unrecognized part of speech
za'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zai'a: Unrecognized part of speech
zai'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zai'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zai'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zandi: Unrecognized part of speech
zanxi: Unrecognized part of speech
za'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zau'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zau'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
za'umai: Unrecognized part of speech
za'ure'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zau'u: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'aba: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'aca: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'ai'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'ai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'apu: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'au'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'o: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'a: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'ei'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'i: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'i'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zei'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zejvo: Unrecognized part of speech
zeki'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zemoi: Unrecognized part of speech
zeno: Unrecognized part of speech
zenono: Unrecognized part of speech
ze'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zergi: Unrecognized part of speech
zevla: Unrecognized part of speech
zgadi: Unrecognized part of speech
zguro: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'a: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'a'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'a: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'i: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zirli: Unrecognized part of speech
zmase: Unrecognized part of speech
zmico: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'e'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zoi'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zoi'ai'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zoi'i: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'i'o: Unrecognized part of speech
zoi'o'e: Unrecognized part of speech
zoi'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zoizoizoi: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'obu: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'ocu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'onai: Unrecognized part of speech
zo'oro'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zorti: Unrecognized part of speech
zozno: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'au: Unrecognized part of speech
zubra: Unrecognized part of speech
zucna: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'i'a: Unrecognized part of speech
zulna: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'oini'u: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'oino: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'oipa: Unrecognized part of speech
zurja: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'ucu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
zu'ucu'i: Bad selma'o or rafsi list
zu'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
zviki: Unrecognized part of speech
zvuzu: Unrecognized part of speech
zy'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
zy'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
felonei: Unrecognized part of speech
filonei: Unrecognized part of speech
folonei: Unrecognized part of speech
sufsi: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'u'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
ma'u'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
mi'unai: Unrecognized part of speech
si'anai: Unrecognized part of speech
si'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
zi'e'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
be'au: Unrecognized part of speech
bi'aiku: Unrecognized part of speech
ca'ai: Unrecognized part of speech
ce'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
co'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
dardi: Unrecognized part of speech
demni: Unrecognized part of speech
gokti: Unrecognized part of speech
je'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
kei'u: Unrecognized part of speech
lau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
nu'oi: Unrecognized part of speech
pu'ei: Unrecognized part of speech
si'u'i: Unrecognized part of speech
timne: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eja'e: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eja'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eki'u: Unrecognized part of speech
to'emu'i: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eni'i: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eri'a: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eseja'e: Unrecognized part of speech
to'eseja'enai: Unrecognized part of speech
xekto: Unrecognized part of speech
xue'i: Unrecognized part of speech
ku'iji'a: Unrecognized part of speech
sa'emau'i: Unrecognized part of speech
cmuru: Unrecognized part of speech
